Mystery is rude while dinner after dinner
Please leave me for a while
Sugar of this incident is the victim of murder had been what fell to the floor in one Ding pants in the room
about
According to a forensic opinion, he is deposed but his head is killed by an ashtray and dies
That is
Likely to have been undressed and
Summarizing the witness testimony, a woman of 160 cm enters the room at 10:30 in the night and the victim at 11:00
A man of 180 cm came out of the room at 11:30 pm
Well after all the victim is wearing secret shoes
Stomach culprit of women lined it had entered a criminal and only Moreover shoes contain himself has disappeared
And the possibility to take off all becomes higher when the clothes you think you know Well I Ah came back wearing yourself and
If you look at it , it was spirit to say that there is no way
On the other day, Kageyama is in a bowling area where the victim has secret shoes io
Rejected fee d number
I also hate to take off my shoes to die golf too Eh Hiah Hammer draft extremely left
Is this drama called easy to understand or something full of original novels?
Considerable person Ska sheet a for people who expect too much of the so-called full-scale mystery
Naa'm just right because But you know about this just recently many ne people who say good
Just this time, Kageyama's favorite hero Kuen class life-size panel is firmly in the role of operation
There was also a thing that stood up
Special effects heroes based on British royal family motifs, special in the sky in class specialties of British specialties
Fish and kicks that cooked cooking fish & chips
It 's fun to say small news
In addition, that wind festival police officer is yes yes
Khan wrecked is that it is Gusun de killing but heard Nennanto
If you put out a professional killer of Luck Besson's work , you can enjoy it fairly
It is a game for everyone
Very fire a little staring secretary Fagen is Toka leaves Well teaspoon curry shop around here
Is it a disease
What because sheep of you to say even for the Kakesan Come to Well thought
That Monoi to the young lady was open
There will be people who come with it.
A little to solve this mystery is ordeal be a painful Reddora the Tteyuu leader later
By the way, it is the damage that I put on the song end that I became a bit fun this time
Is known to the woman of the culprit by the affair of the affair that it is like singing the wrong thing in the reserve steering
It is also available. I ne dad's I mean it and to avoid the mistake accident of this spare rudder
Effective means
Play or to unify in the preliminary helm of surgery every day women are dating says
Oh yeah, this could be considered in Kanto but not at all in Kansai
You are never
I have a lot of fun in front of you
Even if I get pretty familiar so el I wonder if you want to say more
Well, this is different depending on the administration Oh
It often does not clearly say I name to the mother-year-old Well
If you think so, Kansai dialect is certified
Well, I guess there is no way to go around using it
Hmmm
And at the end of the day, she is in the girl
Kageyama I heard that is the only name of the woman I love lifelong
Business-like spirit child at any moment there will ne Well this is a mistake if called so millet No way
Your knowledge of the premise Tteyuu was mistaken for that of their own
What is it?
Well what is the feeling of air around so-called Sho Sakurai and Keiko Kitagawa
A subtle atmosphere to the place where I could have been able to
Well yeah
But Even so, considerable Hamariyaku is for the Keiko Kitagawa say the Reiko Hosho
Hey maa a little coquettish or something like that sometimes becomes bar reading
I mean it is possible to hide the fraud Mon'iu dialogue that would
By the way, Keiko Kitagawa himself made an interview on the official site regarding the role of this time
It may strain between fun to be subject to the world of princess like a treatment of a dream that your play as
It says that there is no there is
But it is personally difficult for me to actually continue forever.
I always want to be a green bean that can stand on my feet
So if someone could do everything around my eyes, I was conversely spoiled
I feel like it
But having a lot of work is not a dream that every girl falls for
I think that I want it to be a work that gives me such a dream
Conduct of the if have you it from the young lady like
When I was sitting in a chair, I felt that when I stood up and sat, I looked elegant and elegant
I thought it was good
I am 25 years old and I was thinking of getting to be feminine, so I am not a lady.
It's a good person who has taken even
Not only when you sit in a chair , but one
It is a good amount to relax the movement of one
It is an audience rating that I'm worried about.
It fell a little with the first episode 18.1 and the second episode 16.1
The third episode is that it is feeling that I 'm showing my strength from early in the day because it is a bitter cup of 16 points
In Well comfortably solved enjoy mystery matter
I want to see you well from now on